# Authentication Relays

- Requires setup of rogue access point.

## NetNTLM with SMB
- Server Message Block (SMB) protocol allows clients (like workstations) to communicate with a server (like a file share).
- 2 possible exploit on SMB:
  - Intercept NTLM challenge and do offline cracking
  - MITM with rogue server and gain active authenticated session.

### LLMNR, NBT-NS, and WPAD Poisoning (offline cracking)
- We will use Responder to attempt to intercept the NetNTLM challenge to crack it.
- Responder allows us to perform Man-in-the-Middle attacks by poisoning the responses during NetNTLM authentication, tricking the client into talking to you instead of the actual server they wanted to connect to.
- On a real LAN, Responder will attempt to poison any  Link-Local Multicast Name Resolution (LLMNR),  NetBIOS Name Servier (NBT-NS), and Web Proxy Auto-Discovery (WPAD) requests that are detected.
- One thing to note is that Responder essentially tries to win the race condition by poisoning the connections to ensure that you intercept the connection. This means that Responder is usually limited to poisoning authentication challenges on the local network
- Run the following:
```bash
sudo responder -I eth0
```
ensure ```eth0``` or ```tun0``` is the correct network IP.

- After capturing the hashed password, save it to a file and run the following hashcat:
```bash
hashcat -m 5600 <hash file> <password file> --force
```
Format in general looks like this:
```
[SMBv2] NTLMv2-SSP Client   : <Client IP>
[SMBv2] NTLMv2-SSP Username : ZA\<Service Account Username>
[SMBv2] NTLMv2-SSP Hash     : <Service Account Username>::ZA:<NTLMv2-SSP Hash>
```
